There used to be a mountain, a temple in the mountain, and an old monk in the
temple. The old monk was telling a story to the young monk.

The old monk felt that it would be a good lesson in life to tell the young monk the stories of his youth. He meant 
to pass on the important knowledge and secrets that the monks were tasked with protecting. The most important of which
was the legend of the sword Soul Drinker, a cursed blade that would corrupt the soul of whoever uses it. The monks were
some of the few people that knew of the swords existance, they also knew that it was a source of terrible evil.

"No one knows the true origin of the Soul Drinker, but everyone who knows of its existence is surely familiar with the 
havoc it has wrought upon these lands," the old monk said. He continued, "In fact, before I was a monk, I was a warrior, 
and I came across the infamous sword in battle two times. However, that story requires some background explanation. When I was 
a boy, even younger than you, I only had a single friend, Sun. Sun was kind and gentle, and the son of a warrior. We 
did everything together; we went to school together, played together, even studied swordsmanship together. When our home 
was threatened by attackers, we volunteered to help defend it together. If only we knew what was to come.

In our first day of battle, Sun and I, along with other volunteers held off the attackers from dawn until dusk. However, when the 
sun set and things began to settle down, we saw a strange purple glow approaching us in the dark. The wind started to blow 
and it got very cold, but we were too intrigued to run. As the glow came closer, it became clear that it was emanating from
an object in the hand of a man, slowly walking toward us.

By the time he was close enough for us see that the object was a sword, it was too late. The wielder moved with the speed of a
hawk, ruthlessly striking down our forces one swipe at a time. Eventually he approached me, and I parried his first attack, but
his blade struck my leg, leaving me defenseless. As he raised his sword to strike me down, Sun struck him from behind, saving
me and crippling the attacker. However, with some inhuman strength, the attacker stood back up and grabbed Sun, who was frozen
in disbelief. He stared in Sun's eyes, somehow knocking him unconscious in the process. He then picked his sword back up and
dragged Sun, still unconscious, back in the direction he came from."

"Did you ever see Sun again?" asked the young monk.

"Be patient," the old monk said, "You will find out soon enough."

The old monk continued on: "After that day, an old monk told me a story of the Soul Drinker, a legendary blade which gives those 
who wield it incredible power, at the cost of their soul. He told me that when its wielder is struck down, it posesses the warrior
who commanded the strike. In this way, the Soul Drinker 'lives' on."
